Update CONTRIBUTING.rst with docstring guidelines (#3472)
pyvista/pyvista: CONTRIBUTING.rst

        >>> from pyvista import examples
        >>> hills = examples.load_random_hills()
        >>> slices = hills.slice_x(5, generate_triangles=False)
        >>> slices.plot(line_width=5)

        See :ref:`slice_example` for more examples using this filter.

        """

Note the following:

* The parameter definition of ``generate_triangles`` uses ``default: False``,
  and does not include the default in the docstring's "description" section.
* There is a newline between each parameter. This is different than
  ``numpydoc``'s documentation where there are no empty lines between parameter
  docstrings.
* This docstring also contains a returns section and an examples section.
* The returns section does not include the parameter name if the function has 
  a single return value. Multiple return values (not shown) should have 
  descriptive parameter names for each returned value, in the same format as
  the input parameters.
* The examples section references the "full example" in the gallery if it 
  exists.

Depreciating Features or other Backwards-Breaking Changes
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> When implementing backwards-breaking changes within PyVista, care must be taken
> to make the modifications non-breaking in one of the following ways:

Author: ```suggestion
When implementing backwards-breaking changes within PyVista, care must be taken
to give users the chance to adjust to any new changes. Any non-backwards
compatible modifications should proceed through the following steps:
```

> * Retain the old behavior and issue a ``PyVistaDeprecationWarning`` indicating
>   the new interface you should use.
> * Retain the old behavior but raise a ``pyvista.core.errors.DeprecationError``
>   indicating the new interface you must use.
> * Remove the old behavior.

Author: ```suggestion
# Retain the old behavior and issue a ``PyVistaDeprecationWarning`` indicating
  the new interface you should use.
# Retain the old behavior but raise a ``pyvista.core.errors.DeprecationError``
  indicating the new interface you must use.
# Remove the old behavior.
```

Whenever possible, PyVista developers should seek to have at least three minor
versions of backwards compatibility to give users the ability to update their
software and scripts.

> Here's an example of soft depreciation. Note the usage of both

Author: ```suggestion
Here's an example of a soft depreciation of a function. Note the usage of both
```

> Here's an example of soft depreciation. Note the usage of both
> ``PyVistaDeprecationWarning`` warning and the ``.. deprecated`` Sphinx

Author: ```suggestion
Here's an example of a soft depreciation of a function. Note the usage of both
the ``PyVistaDeprecationWarning`` warning and the ``.. deprecated`` Sphinx
```

  out what individual methods do.
* With optional parameters, use ``default: <value>`` instead of ``optional``
  when the parameter has a default value instead of ``None``.

Sample docstring follows:

.. code:: python

    def slice_x(self, x=None, generate_triangles=False):
        """Create an orthogonal slice through the dataset in the X direction.

        Parameters
        ----------
        x : float, optional
            The X location of the YZ slice. By default this will be the X center
            of the dataset.

        generate_triangles : bool, default: False
            If this is enabled, the output will be all triangles. Otherwise the
            output will consist of the intersection polygons.

        Returns
        -------
        pyvista.PolyData
            Sliced dataset.

        Examples
        --------
        Slice the random hills dataset with one orthogonal plane.

        >>> from pyvista import examples
        >>> hills = examples.load_random_hills()
        >>> slices = hills.slice_x(5, generate_triangles=False)
        >>> slices.plot(line_width=5)

        See :ref:`slice_example` for more examples using this filter.

>         """

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        """

        pass  # implementation goes here
```

Note the following:

* The parameter definition of ``generate_triangles`` uses ``default: False``,
  and does not include the default in the docstring's "description" section.
* There is a newline between each parameter. This is different than
  ``numpydoc``'s documentation where there are no empty lines between parameter
  docstrings.
* This docstring also contains a returns section and an examples section.
* The returns section does not include the parameter name if the function has 
  a single return value. Multiple return values (not shown) should have 
  descriptive parameter names for each returned value, in the same format as
  the input parameters.
* The examples section references the "full example" in the gallery if it 
  exists.

> Depreciating Features or other Backwards-Breaking Changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deprecating Features or other Backwards-Breaking Changes
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
When implementing backwards-breaking changes within PyVista, care must be taken
to give users the chance to adjust to any new changes. Any non-backwards
compatible modifications should proceed through the following steps:

#. Retain the old behavior and issue a ``PyVistaDeprecationWarning`` indicating
   the new interface you should use.
#. Retain the old behavior but raise a ``pyvista.core.errors.DeprecationError``
   indicating the new interface you must use.
#. Remove the old behavior.

Whenever possible, PyVista developers should seek to have at least three minor
versions of backwards compatibility to give users the ability to update their
software and scripts.

> Here's an example of a soft depreciation of a function. Note the usage of both

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example of a soft deprecation of a function. Note the usage of both
```

the ``PyVistaDeprecationWarning`` warning and the ``.. deprecated`` Sphinx
directive.

.. code:: python

    def addition(a, b):
        """Add two numbers.

        .. deprecated:: 0.37.0
           Since PyVista 0.37.0, you can use :func:`pyvista.add` instead.

        Parameters
        ----------
        a : float
            First term to add.

        b : float
            Second term to add.

        Returns
        -------
        float
            Sum of the two inputs.

        """
        # depreciated 0.37.0, convert to error in 0.40.0, remove 0.41.0
        PyVistaDeprecationWarning(
            '`addition` has been deprecated. Use pyvista.add instead'
        )
        add(a, b)

    def add(a, b):
        """Add two numbers.

>         ...

Author: ```suggestion
        pass  # implementation goes here
```

PyVista uses Python docstrings to create reference documentation for our Python
APIs. Docstrings are read by developers, interactive Python users, and readers
of our online documentation. This section describes how to write these docstrings
for PyVista.

PyVista follows the ``numpydoc`` style for its docstrings. Please follow the
`numpydoc Style Guide`_ in all ways except for the following:

* Be sure to describe all ``Parameters`` and ``Returns`` for all public
  methods.
* We strongly encourage you to add an example section. PyVista is a visual
  library, so adding examples that show a plot will really help users figure
  out what individual methods do.

> * With optional parameters, use ``default: <value>`` instead of ``optional``

Reviewer: In https://github.com/pyvista/pyvista/pull/3457/files we seemed to use `default=<value>`. Either works for me, we should just make sure we choose one on purpose.

Reviewer 2: The current code base has more `default: <value>`.  I found 164 hits with this. 
 This includes some false positives, but not as many as I would have suspected.  I found 36 hits for `default=<value>`, with also some false positives.  Before #3457, it would have leaned even heavier towards the colon usage.  Although, I'm fine either way as well.

Reviewer: I'd also prefer a colon here, ignoring all legacy considerations.

Author: Agree with the colon. Let's go with that and consider a refactor. At least it's low hanging.

  when the parameter has a default value instead of ``None``.

> Sample docstring follows:

Reviewer: Good call.

.. code:: python

    def slice_x(self, x=None, generate_triangles=False):

>         """Create an orthogonal slice through the dataset in the x-direction.

Reviewer: Nitpick, but this example should be exemplary.
```suggestion
        """Create an orthogonal slice through the dataset in the X direction.
```

>         Yields a MutliBlock dataset of the three slices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Yields a ``MultiBlock`` dataset of the three slices.
```
Or maybe even showcase intersphinx?
```suggestion
        Yields a :class:`MultiBlock <pyvista.MultiBlock>` dataset of the three slices.
```
(assuming this is within the usual length.)

Reviewer 2: I think this whole line can be deleted.  This docstring stub is presumably referencing a slice operation in the x-normal direction, i.e. it only yields a single PolyData slice and could be described more in the `Returns` section if needed.

        Parameters
        ----------
        x : float, optional

>             The X location of the YZ slice.

Reviewer: For optional params we should ideally always explain the default behaviour.

        generate_triangles : bool, default: False

>             If this is enabled, the output will be triangles. Otherwise the output
>             will be the intersection polygons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            If this is enabled, the output will be all triangles. Otherwise the output
            will consist of the intersection polygons.
```

        Returns
        -------

>         pyvista.PolyData

Reviewer: `PolyData` or `MultiBlock`?

Author: This is just a fake function, so we can just go with PolyData.

            Sliced dataset.

        Examples
        --------
        Slice the random hills dataset with one orthogonal plane.

        >>> from pyvista import examples
        >>> hills = examples.load_random_hills()

>         >>> slices = hills.slice_orthogonal(5, generate_triangles=False)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        >>> slices = hills.slice_x(5, generate_triangles=False)
```

        >>> slices.plot(line_width=5)

        See :ref:`slice_example` for more examples using this filter.

        """

Note the following:

* The parameter definition of ``generate_triangles`` uses ``default: False``,
  and does not include the default in the docstring's "description" section.
* There is a newline between each parameter. This is different than

>   ``numpydoc``'s documentation where there are no lines between parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``numpydoc``'s documentation where there are no empty lines between parameter
```

>   doc strings.
> * This docstring contains both a returns section and examples section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  docstrings.
* This docstring also contains a returns section and an examples section.
```

> * Returns section does not include the parameter name if it has a single return.
>   Multiple returns (not shown) should have descriptive parameter names.
> * The examples section references the "full example" if it exists.

Reviewer: Not sure this is the best possible phrasing, feel free to adjust.
```suggestion
* The returns section does not include the parameter name if the function has 
  a single return value. Multiple return values (not shown) should have 
  descriptive parameter names for each returned value, in the same format as
  the input parameters.
* The examples section references the "full example" in the gallery if it 
  exists.
```

* The returns section does not include the parameter name if the function has 
  a single return value. Multiple return values (not shown) should have 
  descriptive parameter names for each returned value, in the same format as
  the input parameters.
* The examples section references the "full example" in the gallery if it 
  exists.

Depreciating Features or other Backwards-Breaking Changes
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
When implementing backwards-breaking changes within PyVista, care must be taken
to give users the chance to adjust to any new changes. Any non-backwards
compatible modifications should proceed through the following steps:

#. Retain the old behavior and issue a ``PyVistaDeprecationWarning`` indicating
   the new interface you should use.
#. Retain the old behavior but raise a ``pyvista.core.errors.DeprecationError``
   indicating the new interface you must use.
#. Remove the old behavior.

Whenever possible, PyVista developers should seek to have at least three minor
versions of backwards compatibility to give users the ability to update their
software and scripts.

> Here's an example of a soft depreciation of a function. Note the usage of both

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example of a soft deprecation of a function. Note the usage of both
```

the ``PyVistaDeprecationWarning`` warning and the ``.. deprecated`` Sphinx
directive.

.. code:: python

    def addition(a, b):
        """Add two numbers.

        .. deprecated:: 0.37.0
           Since PyVista 0.37.0, you can use :func:`pyvista.add` instead.

        Parameters
        ----------
        a : float
            First term to add.

        b : float
            Second term to add.

        Returns
        -------
        float
            Sum of the two inputs.

        """

>         # depreciated 0.37.0, convert to error in 0.40.0, remove 0.41.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # deprecated 0.37.0, convert to error in 0.40.0, remove 0.41.0
```

        PyVistaDeprecationWarning(
            '`addition` has been deprecated. Use pyvista.add instead'
        )
        add(a, b)

    def add(a, b):

>         """Add two numbers.

Reviewer: I suspect the ellipsis was meant to be a placeholder for the docstring, but we need the ending triple quotes somewhere because this is breaking syntax highlighting at least on github. But if we put the """ after the ellipsis we'd probably have to add another ... or `pass` to get a syntactically valid example... might be simpler to have a docstring stub instead:
```suggestion
        """Add two numbers."""
```

  exists.

Deprecating Features or other Backwards-Breaking Changes

> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: ```suggestion
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```
